# Robotic Surgery System Simulation

SenseShift is an open-source haptic feedback device for VR. PyLabRobot is a hardware agnostic, pure Python library for liquid handling robots, plate readers, pumps, scales, heater shakers, and other lab automation equipment. Mobile Telemanipulator Robot Simulator (MTR-Sim) for Healthcare. Sight, the Surgical Image Guidance and Healthcare Toolkit aims to ease the creation of applications based on medical imaging. Physiomodel - quantitative model of human physiology in Modelica. ORBIT-Surgical is a physics-based surgical robot simulation framework. Surgical simulation software platform based on VTK. scikit-surgeryvtk uses VTK for image fusion or overlay, for augmented reality apps, using OpenCV for a calibrated overlay. FairCLIP: Harnessing Fairness in Vision-Language Learning. Surgeyos is an initiative unifying hardware, mechanical designs, electronics, software, and AI for medical robotics, VR simulation, and beyond. The ROS for Medical Robotics (ROS-MED) Project is a project to provide an software platform for medical robotics research. SurRoL is an Reinforcement Learning Centered and dVRK Compatible Platform for Surgical Robot Learning. OpenDR is a modular, open and non-proprietary toolkit for core robotic functionalities by harnessing deep learning. Modelica library for Human Physiology. OpenSim is a freely available and user-extensible software system that allows users to develop models of musculoskeletal structures, create dynamic motion simulations, and can be used to assist in surgery planning for children with cerebral palsy. iMSTK is an open-source C++-based software toolkit for real-time physics-based surgical simulations. Surgery simulation on SOFA Framework. Medical Simulation Framework in the 3D Environment. 3dbiotechDentalCAD is a 3D modeling software focused on the dental sector based on the open-source project Open Dental. IntERAct is a time synchronised motion platform simulating tumour motion and external surface motion.

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

